A generic graph library for OCaml
ocamlgraph is a graph library for Objective Caml. Its contribution is three-fold:

It provides an easy-to-use graph data structure together with several
operations and algorithms over graphs, in Graph.Pack. It is a
reasonably efficient imperative data structure for directed graphs
with vertices and edges labeled with integers.  Have a look at this
module first in order to get an overview of what this library
provides. See also demo.ml.

Then ocamlgraph provides several other graph implementations for those
not satisfied with the one above. Some are persistent (imutable) and
other imperative (mutable). Some are directed and other are not. Some
have labels for vertices, or labels for edges, or both. Some have
abstract types for vertices. etc.  See interface Sig for the graph
signatures and modules Persistent and Imperative for the
implementations.

These implementations are written as functors: you give the types of
vertices labels, edge labels, etc. and you get the data structure as a
result.

Finally, ocamlgraph provides several classic operations and algorithms
over graphs. They are also written as functors i.e. independently of
the data structure for graphs. One consequence is that you can define
your own data structure for graphs and yet re-use all the algorithms
from this library -- you only need to provide a few operations such as
iterating over all vertices, over the successors of a vertex, etc. See
module Path for an example.
